Uncle, did you go to the wrong place?
He has this exclusive brother in the construction site class,
What a bad luck. This is not to mention the exclusive butler,
He just became a distant grandchild with me.
You are still like this, we,
Butler, tell him.
Who is this special owner?
The electrician is not old at work, kneel down quickly for the madam,
Look at some people
This time I won't meet the official, so I won't be out of line.
They should all be wearing cz resistance suits
What's going on with this guy?
Didn’t Madam just say everything?
The housekeeper built a garden for him today
That's why it's like this
Not to mention, there are special words to call it
Responsible for all the numbers of Daliban people
The butler never interferes. What a coincidence.
I also know this housekeeper
Do you want me to call you?
Young man, you are so funny
It’s not like you don’t want to be gentle.
You need to apologize to Madam quickly.
So if you don't stand for him, you can still stay in the private trial.
Having said that, you seem to really know the key points.
Don't pretend to be able to recover.
Smile, young man
Guan family, please come over here.
Ouch, pretending to be like we really know each other
It took a lot of effort to install this place, right?
Grandma, it’s a long way to go
Are you ready to delay early?
I see you are apologizing for not returning home.
He came to Chang'er on purpose today.
Is it handed over to the player?
Or are you feeling guilty?
I can't even wait a few minutes
Isn’t it a few minutes? It’s a long way to go